Document physics material (#4817)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/physics/physics_introduction.rst

    A body that provides collision detection, but no physics. All movement and
    collision response must be implemented in code.

Physics material
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Static bodies and rigid bodies can have a physics material added to them. This allows
> you to adjust the friction and bounce of an object, and set if it's absorbent and or rough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Static bodies and rigid bodies can be configured to use a :ref:`physics material
<class_PhysicsMaterial>`. This allows adjusting the friction and bounciness of an
object, and set if it's absorbent and/or rough.
```
